{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 devtools::load_all # loads a package. \'93It roughly simulates what happens when a package is installed and loaded with library().\'94\
# Alternatively, CMD+Shift+L. \
?ASCIIreplace\
# Check documentation printed correctly. Then make changes and save with CMD + Shift + L. \
# Use formatR to reformat code or lintr (catches more, some false positives, doesn\'92t fix).\
# Or use SHIFT + Cmd + / to reflow code. Make sure to set the wrap to 80 characters first. \
# Jump to a function\
# Highlight function name (without parentheses). fn + F2\
# Test a package with Ctrl/Cmd + Shift + T or devtools::test()\
\
# See the Imports section of Namespace for the difference between imports in an .Rd file and imports and depends in the description. Note that it\'92s best practice to avoid importing into your namespace via documenting an Rd file that contains @import. Instead use package::function() in your R code.Then you can also avoid attaching them automatically via depends: in the description file and importing them in Rd. You may need to revise the Namespace section and some earlier content in Documentation in order to get this down pat. Experiment with it.\
\
# When a package is built, the code is evaluated and saved. Then when a package is loaded, the saved results (usually functions) are made available.\
\
devtools::install_github() # source package\
library()\
\
Update documentation:\
devtools::document()}